Summary:
US President Donald Trump has distanced himself from the Signal chat group scandal, saying he had "nothing to do with it", and "I was told it was Mike (Waltz)" who was responsible
Read the
messages Trump officials exchanged on the leaked Signal thread here
Secretary of State Marco Rubio says "
someone made a big mistake
" inviting The Atlantic's editor Jeffrey Goldberg to a Signal group chat with top US officials, but he says none of the messages put the lives of service members at risk
Goldberg tells the BBC that the White House should
deal with Signal breach instead of attacking him
White House Press Secretary Karoline Leavitt criticises Goldberg as an
"anti-Trump hater"
, as the Trump administration reacts to the fallout of the scandal
Messages from the group chat newly published by The Atlantic appear to show Defence Secretary Pete Hegseth
sharing information about US air strikes on Yemen earlier this month

News Content:
Trump downplays Signalgate but scandal shows no sign of slowing
published at 00:09 Greenwich Mean Time 27 March
00:09 GMT 27 March
Brandon Livesay
Reporting from New York
This video can not be played
To play this video you need to enable JavaScript in your browser.
Media caption,
Is the Signal chat leak involving Trump officials a big deal?
News comes
out of Trump’s White House at such a relentless pace that stories can seemingly vanish into the background, steamrolled by the president’s latest Truth post or
executive order.
But Signalgate,
as this scandal has been dubbed, is the rare story with staying power.
When Trump announced a
new tariff
in the Oval Office this afternoon, he told a reporter who asked about Signal to “hold on one second” so he could find someone else who would ask him about tariffs.
Trump did end up taking questions on the Signal group chat, and the president distanced himself from the scandal. Asked if he was sure no classified material was shared, he said “that’s what I’ve heard. I don’t know”.
It's a scaled back take, compared to what many in his administration said today - they've been adamant that no classified materials were shared.
That downplaying of the details in the group chat are what spurred The Atlantic to publish more messages from defence secretary Pete Hegseth today, Goldberg told the BBC.
We’re
pausing our live coverage for the day, but there’s a whole lot of further
reading you can get stuck into here:
Three sensitive messages from Yemen strike Signal chat unpacked and explained
Trump officials attack journalist after Signal leak published in full
Read the messages Trump officials exchanged on leaked Signal thread